So here's what I think is most impressive about this project. Before this, the way translations were done was:

1.  I'd have to download the translation keys from Localize
2.  I'd put it in a huge spreadsheet
3.  I'd ask each country manager to have someone manually translate it and add it to the spreadsheet
4.  Then I would add it back to Localize

This could take a week for small projects, and for translating the entire platform in another language, it would take months because we had tons and tons of assets. I think – can't think of it right now, but probably more than 10,000 translation keys to translate in the platform. Localize offered some sort of automatic translation, but it wouldn't take into consideration our context. So I think that the most valuable part of what I did is the fact that my system was able to take an input from a glossary. We would put all of the company-specific terms with their meaning into this glossary. It would also automatically understand HTML tags, classes, CSS, everything that was code or links that were in the translations that were not supposed to be translated. My system would not translate it, as opposed to Google Translate, which would probably translate the name of a link and then the link would be broken. That was a huge problem. So I think these specificities is what takes most time when you're trying to do non-AI manual translations. With my system, all of this was gone, and we were able to do translate an entire platform in hours (counting the review time) – well, not counting the human review time, but no human would honestly review it. We would trust the AI, start using the platform, and then if there were problems, we would signal it. My system with the glossary also ensured consistency. We were using the same terms for the same products in all of the different places in our platform, which was super helpful and important. And finally, the business outcome of it is that we were able to open new offices (we were opening an office in Poland and an office in Greece) and offer much better services to our customers who might not be as comfortable in using a platform in English. Same for China – we had a lot of Chinese customers in Europe, but the platform was not fully translated into Chinese. With this, we were able to at least have a first version (of course we could add it after).